Modify S5689: Clarify the rule stakes (#2911)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5689/description.adoc

> Disclosure of version information, usually overlooked and disclosed by default

Author: Its goal is to emphasize that version info is available by default and that generally developers do not change it because it's deemed negligible

```suggestion
Disclosure of version information, usually overlooked by developers but disclosed by default
```

> Disclosure of version information, usually overlooked and disclosed by default

Author: WDYT of this last suggestion? do you think it matches the intention ?

> Disclosure of version information, usually overlooked and disclosed by default

Reviewer: Yes, I think that makes the intention more clear.

by the systems and frameworks in use, can pose a significant security risk
depending on the production environement.

> Once this information is public, attackers can exploit it to identify potential

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once this information is public, attackers can use it to identify potential
```
